# bookedu
BOOK.EDU
In today’s world of increasing education costs students around the world are spending more and more on textbooks that they use for only a semester. After the end of the semester the student only has one of two choices:
1)Place the book for sale on an online e-commerce site (eg. OLX, Quickr)which charge an enormous commission 
2)Sell the book back to the shopkeeper for half the price , while he sells it back for a full price again.

To find a solution to this global epidemic we have come out with the "Book.edu" mobile application on android. Book.edu aims to provide a platform for students to buy used books at cheaper prices within their university or campus. With this app a user can sell their used book that is no longer useful to them, to a junior on the same campus. Thus, by negating the middlemen like e-commerce sites we plan to provide a value to customers as with each iteration of selling the book, the price of the book decreases substantially. By providing the books within the same campus the app reduces the time and cost as compared to other traditional methods. The app also provides a rating to let the buyer know how important the book was for their course. Another feature present on the app is that buyers can chat directly with the sellers with the inbuilt chat application. The user can also search for their book using Author names, ISBN numbers, year, semester & of course the title of the book. This app also provides pdfs for textbooks that are freely available so as that users do not have to buy them. This app aims to reduce the cost of textbooks on a global scale.
